{\rtf1\ansi\deff1\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe1033\hich\fs28\lang1033\loch\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1033\ai\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\s7\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs48\lang1033\ab\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe1033\hich\f0\fs48\lang1033\b\loch\f0\fs48\lang1033\b\sbasedon2\snext3{\*\soutlvl0} heading 1;}
{\s8\cf0\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext8 header;}
{\s9\cf0\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext9 Header left;}
{\*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 Internet link;}
{\*\cs12\cf3\ul\ulc0\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 Visited Internet Link;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab720
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse131\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}
{\pgdsc1\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\headery0{\*\headeryb288\headerxl0\headerxr0\headeryh346}\titlepg{\headerf \pard\plain \s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\margtsxn100\margbsxn100\rtlch\af1\afs22\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs22\lang1033\loch\f1\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 Doug Palmer, Wesley {\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f3\fs20\loch\f3\fs20 Tredinnick}, Tiffany Gallops, Joseph Lenox}
\par \pard\plain \s1\cf0\qc{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\margtsxn100\margbsxn100\rtlch\af1\afs36\lang1033\ab\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs36\lang1033\b\loch\f1\fs36\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs36\lang1033\i0\b Literature Review}
\par }
\pgdscnxt2 First Page;}
{\pgdsc2\pgdscuse193\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt3 Left Page;}
{\pgdsc3\pgdscuse194\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt3 Right Page;}
{\pgdsc4\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt4 Index;}}
{\*\pgdscno1}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\titlepg\headery1134\titlepg{\headerf \pard\plain \s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\margtsxn1355\margbsxn100\rtlch\af1\afs22\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs22\lang1033\loch\f1\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 Doug Palmer, Wesley {\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f3\fs20\loch\f3\fs20 Tredinnick}, Tiffany Gallops, Joseph Lenox}
\par \pard\plain \s1\cf0\qc{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\margtsxn1355\margbsxn100\rtlch\af1\afs36\lang1033\ab\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs36\lang1033\b\loch\f1\fs36\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs36\lang1033\i0\b Literature Review}
\par }
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f3\fs20\loch\f3\fs20 \tab }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f3\loch\f3 There are many PC-based oscilliscopes, voltmeters, ohmmeters, and logic analyzers, but few with all of these capabilities. Rather than evaluating the individual parts, it would make much more sense to analyze a system that has all of these capabilities. C
reators of the Handyscope HS3 claim to be the first to combine the oscilliscope and multimeter and make it PC-based [2]. Such a system has a hardware component that serves to acquire data and is transfered to a PC to process the data. The Handyscope HS3 do
es just this and information about its capabilities, characteristics, and limitations shall be analyzed.}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The Handyscope HS3 has 2 channels for inputs and 1 output to the PC [2]. It has a 100 Megahertz sampling speed and can record up to 128,000 samples [2]. Its input voltage can range from .2 to 80 volts [2]. The hardware is connected to the PC with a USB 2.
0 or 1.1 [2]. Therefore it is capable of being used with older computers as well. It comes with two oscilliscope probes that were designed specifically to be used with the Handyscope HS3 [2].}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The software provided with the Handyscope HS3 effectively turns the PC into a oscilliscope, spectrum analyzer, voltmeter, and transient recorder [1]. It can be used with both Windows and Linux. The dynamic link library of the Handyscope HS3 comes with an 
example program so the user can easily write their own measuring program [2]. The source code is in Delphi [2]. The DLL's can be downloaded from the company's website. Hardware and software updates can also be downloaded free of charge from the company's w
ebsite. The Handyscope HS3 allows the user to save their settings to a disk so it can be used each time they use the software [2]. An inexperienced user can use an autosetup, which allows for instant measurements [2]. Another capability of this instrument 
is that it has an arbitrary waveform generator that operates independent of the measuring system[1]. This allows the user to generate test signals in any shape desired. It is also possible to regenerate previously measured signals [1].}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab There are 5 main tools used to evaluate the data. It has an arbitrary waveform generator, digital storage oscilliscope, spectrum analyzer, voltmeter, and transient recorder. They appear to be very user friendly and settings can be easily controlled.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The BS100U Bitscope is a PC-based, mixed signal oscilliscope that is similar to the Handyscope HS3 except it does not include as many capabilities [3]. Some important features it has that makes it competitive with the current project:\line -Users can control s
weep rate\line -Users can control vertical deflection\line -Storage of waveforms\line -Display several waveforms at the same time\line -Spectral analysis\line -Battery power options\line -Usability with all popular platforms\line -Zooming features\line -Multi-colored displays [3]\line }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The size of the Handyscope HS3 is rather small. It measure 25 x 170 x 140 millimeters and weighs 17 ounces [2]. This size is comparable to the size of a person's hand. It is very important to keep the size small because one of the attractive reasons peopl
e will want to pursue this device is because it eliminates the big, bulky machines. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The Handyscope HS3 provides the hardware with power through the use of the USB cable. It has a maximum power from USB port of 2.5 watts [2]. If the system is wireless, the hardware would need its own power supply. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The data can also be exported to spreadsheets [2]. Exporting the data can be done in ASCII and this allows spreadsheet programs to import the data [2].}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab There are limitations of the Handyscope HS3 that could be improved on. The method of transferring the data to the PC is with a 2.0 USB cable, which allows for very high data transfer [2]. Having a wireless connectivity is clearly more desirable. However, 
eliminating a wired connection can greatly effect the performance of acquiring data. The biggest factor of performance is the method used to tranfer data to the PC [3]. It needs to be determined if using a wireless connection can have sufficient performanc
e.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The Handyscope HS3 has a resolution range of 8 to 16 bits that can be selected by the user. [1] Different resolutions would be needed depending on the situation. Increasing the range would allow better measurements of very fast signals.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab Only 2 inputs are built for the handyscope HS3. However. 8 of these instruments can be hooked up to a PC for a maximum of 16 channels [2]. If a user wanted more than 2 channels they would need to buy multiple devices. Creating more inputs would be benefic
ial to users who wanted more than 2 channels at the same time but doesn't want to purchase multiple instruments. The cost of a Handyscope HS3 depends upon its sampling speed. They sell different versions ranging from 5 to 100 megahertz. The 5 megahertz mod
el sells around $940 whereas the 100 megahertz model sells around $1620 [1].\tab }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab Alternatively, there exists many \'93self-built\'94 solutions for the single-purpose devices. LABView produces a PCMCIA-based digital multimeter and packages instructions for using it with a Bluetooth-enabled PDA. [4] This is similar to our design goals, but do
es not serve to make the acquisition hardware flexible enough to work with any device that can implement the wireless protocols. Similarly, instructions available online [5] allow for the construction of a simple logic analyzer that utilizes a PC parallel 
port. Unfortunately, parallel ports are not generally included in modern PC designs, nor are they available at all in highly compact and mobile devices.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The ultimate goal is to make a portable machine that combines the abilities of an oscilliscope, logic analyzer and multimeter. The Handyscope HS3 succeeds in doing this in many aspects but certainly can be improved upon. The project should be able to perf
orm virtually all of the functions of the Handyscope HS3 in addition to overcoming the limitations. Eliminating the wired connection, improving specifications, and expanding user options of the system is what can separate the current project from the exist
ing model on the market. }
\par {\*\pgdscno4}\sect\sectd\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\ul\ulc0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ab\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\b\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b REFERENCES:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 [1] USB Oscilliscope - Handyscope HS3, {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.tiepie.com/uk/products/External_Instruments/USB_Oscilloscope/Handyscope_HS3.html" }{\fldrslt \*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 http://www.tiepie.com/uk/products/External_Instruments/USB_Oscilloscope/Handyscope_HS3.html}} Accessed Oct 12, 2008}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 [2] Handyscope Instrument Description, {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://74.125.113.104/search?q=cache:jU-oY3le0wUJ:www.egmont.com.pl/tiepie/katalog/HS3_spec.pdf+handyscope+HS3&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=7&gl=us" }{\fldrslt \*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 http://74.125.113.104/search?q=cache:jU-oY3le0wUJ:www.egmont.com.pl/tiepie/katalog/HS3_spec.pdf+handyscope+HS3&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=7&gl=us}} Accessed Oct 12, 2008}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe1033\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 [3] Brilldea BS100U, {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.brilldea.com/product_BS100U.html" }{\fldrslt \*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 http://www.brilldea.com/product_BS100U.html}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.brilldea.com/product_BS100U.html" }{\fldrslt \*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033  Accessed Oct 12, 2008}}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f3\loch\f3 [4] }}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \'93Build a Bluetooth Enabled PDA Digital Multimeter with LabVIEW PDA.\'93{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://zone.ni.com/devzone/cda/tut/p/id/3052" }{\fldrslt \*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033{\*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033  }}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://zone.ni.com/devzone/cda/tut/p/id/3052" }{\fldrslt \*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 http://zone.ni.com/devzone/cda/tut/p/id/3052}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://zone.ni.com/devzone/cda/tut/p/id/3052" }{\fldrslt \*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033  Accessed Oct 12, 2008}}}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb100\sa100\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1033\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0\*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 [5] Simple logic Analyser. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://uvasux.googlepages.com/simplelogicanalyser" }{\fldrslt \*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 http://uvasux.googlepages.com/simplelogicanalyser}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://uvasux.googlepages.com/simplelogicanalyser" }{\fldrslt \*\cs11\cf2\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033  Accessed Oct 12, 2008}}}
\par }